===========June 1st 2022===========
First of all, happy Pride Month :)
Today was pretty good, although I
never done anything just as I said
yesterday. I'm planning on going out
tomorrow, although the person who I'm
meeting up with might not show up as
their auntie does a podcast and was
up pretty late doing it, so they said 
that their going to be tierd
==Lucy==
===========May 31st 2022===========
Today was pretty good I went out on
that walk like I said yesterday. I
managed to resist the urge to self
harm so hopefully I can keep that up.
I also went to pickup a perscription
for my dad, I was very tempted to ask
the chemist about hormone blockers but
I got too scared to an didn't. I think
I'm going to relax tommorrow. :)
==Lucy==

===========May 30th 2022===========
Today was a bad day, not necessarily
because of anything that happened, but
rather, my mood was pretty bad and
unfortunatly, I did self harm quite a
few times today. I never done anything
other than just lay around all day. I
think I'm going to go out on a walk
tomorrow
==Lucy==
